How could that be?
Princess
It's just getting started.
Sister, please let me have your sister's permission.
Wow.
Your Majesty, save me!
Rescue
Consumption
Waste, I'm enamored of you.
Save the portrait first.
Right.
Four Hy Seedlings
Yao, are you okay?
This son of a bitch must be in the back.
Your Majesty, it seems that Truong Sun does not approve of Yao Fei as queen.
Your Majesty must have someone behind you.
Surely my eldest grandson, the queen, knows I miss you.
Come back and see me.
Your Majesty, how is that possible?
Your Majesty, this is impossible.
Your Majesty, tell me.
Do you agree with Princess Yao as queen?
Four Hy Seedlings
What the hell did you use to seduce the emperor?
In this whole harem
Only you don't want me to be queen.
Yao Fei, I don't.
The first queen.
It's just a picture.
Your Majesty.
On this wall is the word "The Queen writes."